Welcome back there are quite a few data structures that you may be asked in an interview and we saw
how many of them there are on that Wikipedia page.
But luckily for you the list isn't actually that intimidating.
All you need to learn are these swans over here.
These are used I would say 90 percent of the time.
And this is what we're going to talk about in our course.
Now there may be specific ones within these groups and each one of them has tradeoffs.
But as long as you learn these and you learn when and why you should use them then you're going to be
miles ahead of most people.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
Now before we get going.
I want to note one last thing.
You see each language has their own datatypes or built in datatypes javascript for example has numbers
strings has booleans which are true false and then some strange ones like undefined and each language
has data structures to organize these datatypes.
So for example in javascript we have arrays and objects that we use and they are data types.
It allows us to structure and organize information such as our primitive data types or even hold more
complex ones like having an array that contains multiple objects and we're going to talk about this
in more detail.
But I want to show you that we do have different languages that have different access to some data structures.
You can see over here some of the other languages that we can use in this course and whether they have
them available.
We see that Java has arrays has linked lists stacks we have priority queues and many other types.
Now does that mean that if we're using javascript we can only use arrays and objects.
Well no not really although these languages come with data structures built in.
We can also built our own and most languages have enough data structures and data types for us to build
and create our own data structures.
So if javascript doesn't have stacks Well we can build one now to finish this section and finally dive
into our first data structure.
I wanted to just remind you that we have a little map over here of what we need to know for the coding
interview.
Now in this map I have a little present emoji next to each one of the data structures that we're going
to talk about.
As you can see there aren't that many of them and many of them are quite related or are children of
the other but use this as a reference for you to just draw a map of how things are connected and what
the data structures are that we're going to talk about.
But let's get our hands dirty with our first data structure.
I'll see in the next one.
Babai.